---
title: "MOLB 7950 Course Policies"
---

## Policies

### Diversity & Inclusiveness

Our view is that students from all diverse backgrounds and perspectives be
well-served by this course, that students' learning needs be addressed both in
and out of class, and that the diversity that the students bring to this class
s a resource, strength, and benefit. Ourl intent to present
materials and activities that are respectful of diversity: gender identity,
sexuality, disability, age, socioeconomic status, ethnicity, race, nationality,
religion, and culture. Your suggestions are encouraged and appreciated. Please
let me know ways to improve the effectiveness of the course for you personally,
or for other students or student groups.

Furthermore, I would like to create a learning environment for my students that
supports a diversity of thoughts, perspectives and experiences, and honors your
identities (including gender identity, sexuality, disability, age, socioeconomic
status, ethnicity, race, nationality, religion, and culture.) To help accomplish
this:

- If you have a name and/or set of pronouns that differ from those that appear
in your official records, please let me know!

- If any of our class meetings conflict with your religious events, please let
me know so that we can make arrangements for you.

- If you feel like your performance in the class is being
impacted by your experiences outside of class, please don't hesitate to come and
talk with me. I want to be a resource for you. If you prefer to speak with
someone outside of the course, your academic dean is an excellent resource.

- I am still in the process of learning about diverse perspectives and identities.
If something was said in class (by anyone) that made you feel uncomfortable,
please talk to me about it.

### Disability Policy

Students with disabilities who need accommodations are encouraged to contact
<???> as soon as possible to better ensure that such accommodations are
implemented in a timely fashion.

## How to get help

### Discussion

All course discussion will be via GitHub on the
[MOLB7950/community](https://github.com/MOLB7950/community) repository.

Guidelines for posting questions:

* First search existing issues (open or closed) for answers. If the question has
already been answered, you're done! If there is an open issue, feel free to
contribute to it. Or feel free to open a closed issue if you believe the answer
is not satisfactory.

* Give your issue an informative title.

    * Good: "Error: could not find function "ggplot"
    * Bad: "R giving errors",
    "help me!", "aaaarrrrrgh!" Note that you can edit an issueâ€™s title after
    it's been posted.
    
* Format your questions using markdown and code formatting. 

* Preview your issue prior to posting.

* Where appropriate, provide links to specific files, or even lines within them,
in the body of your issue. This will help your helper understand your question.
Note that only the teaching team will have access to private repos.

* (Optional) Tag someone or some group of people. Start by typing the @ symbol
and GitHub will generate some good suggestions. You can also type or paste in
the GitHub username yourself. Examples: to tag Jay Hesselberth, use
`@jayhesselberth`; to tag the entire teaching team tag `@MOLB7950/instructors`,
to tag a class/team mate use their GitHub username.

* Hit "Submit new issue" when you're ready to post.
 
### Office Hours 

* Our TA will host study sessions on Thursday afternoons from 2-4pm 

### Honor code

Academic dishonesty will not be tolerated.

For other information on these matters, please consult the [Code of
Conduct](https://studentconduct.wfu.edu/undergraduate-student-handbook/). For
Academic issues please see the [College Judicial
System](https://studentconduct.wfu.edu/the-judicial-council/).

### Sharing code & responses

* There are many online resources for sharing code (for example, StackOverflow)
- you **may** use these resources but **must explicitly cite** where you have
obtained code (both code you used directly and "paraphrased" code / code used as
inspiration). Any reused code that is not explicitly cited will be treated as
plagiarism.
* You **may** discuss the content of assignments with others in this class. If
you do so, please acknowledge your collaborator(s) at the top of your
assignment, for example: "Collaborators: Gertrude Cox, Florence Nightingale
David". Failure to acknowledge collaborators will result in a grade of 0. You
**may not** copy code and/or answers **directly** from another student. If you
copy someone else's work, both parties will receive a grade of 0.

* Rather than copying someone else's work, ask for help. You are not alone in
this course!

### Course components

#### Homework

Problem sets from the textbook will be assigned periodically, potentially along
with additional questions. You are welcome to work on these with other members
of this class. If you do so, please acknowledge your collaborator(s) at the top
of your assignment, for example: "Collaborators: Gertrude Cox, Florence
Nightingale David". Failure to acknowledge collaborators will result in a grade
of 0. You **may not** copy answers **directly** from another student. If you
copy someone else's work, both parties will receive a grade of 0.

Homework with the lowest score for each student will be dropped.

Class attendance in lecture and lab is a firm expectation; frequent absences or
tardiness will be considered a legitimate cause for grade reduction.

### Late / missed work

- Late work policy for homework assignments and labs:
    - late, but within 24 hours of due date/time: -50%
    - any later: no credit
    
- Late work will not be accepted for the take home exam.

- No make-up reading assessments will be given.

- All regrade requests must be discussed with the professor within one week of
receiving your grade. There will be no grade changes after the final project.

### Professionalism

- Please refrain from texting or using your computer for anything other than
coursework during class.
